Action
“Uncharted”! 2022! 1h 56m! Treasure hunter Victor "Sully" Sullivan recruits street-smart Nathan Drake to help him recover a 500-year-old lost fortune amassed by explorer Ferdinand Magellan. What starts out as a heist soon becomes a globe-trotting, white-knuckle race to reach the prize before the ruthless Santiago Moncada can get his hands on it. If Sully and Nate can decipher the clues and solve one of the world's oldest mysteries, they stand to find $5 billion in treasure -- but only if they can learn to work together.
“Journey 2: The Mysterious Island”! 2012! 1h 34m ! Sean Anderson receives a coded distress signal from an island where none should exist. Knowing that he will not be able to dissuade Sean from tracking the signal to its source, Hank (Dwayne Johnson), Sean's new stepfather, joins the teen on a quest to the South Pacific.
“Bullet Train”! 2022!  2h 6m! Ladybug is an unlucky assassin who's determined to do his job peacefully after one too many gigs has gone off the rails. Fate, however, may have other plans as his latest mission puts him on a collision course with lethal adversaries from around the globe -- all with connected yet conflicting objectives -- on the world's fastest train.
“A Knight’s Tale”! 2001 ! 2h 12m ! Peasant-born William Thatcher (Heath Ledger) begins a quest to change his stars, win the heart of an exceedingly fair maiden (Shanynn Sossamon) and rock his medieval world.
“Fool’s Gold”! 2008! 1h 53m! Treasure hunter Ben "Finn" Finnegan (Matthew McConaughey) has sunk his marriage to Tess (Kate Hudson) and his trusty boat in his obsessive quest to find the legendary Queen's Dowry. 
“Safe”! 2012! 1h 34m! Luke Wright is a two-bit cage fighter, until the day he throws a fixed match. In retaliation, the Russian mob murders his family and destroys his life.
“Geostorm”! 2017! 1h 49m! After an unprecedented series of natural disasters threatened the planet, the world's leaders came together to create an intricate network of satellites to control the global climate and keep everyone safe.
“Unhinged”! 2020 !1h 30m! Rachel is a single mother whose bad day gets even worse when she beeps her horn at a fellow driver during rush-hour traffic
“Bullet Train”! 2022! 2h 6m! Ladybug is an unlucky assassin who's determined to do his job peacefully after one too many gigs has gone off the rails.
“Security” ! 2017! 1h 32m ! A former elite soldier now works as an employee of a security service in a shopping center. During his job he gets caught between two fronts and must protect a female witness from a gang during a storm.

Children & Family
“The Spy Next Door”! 2010! 1h 34m! Former C.I.A. spy Bob Ho takes on his toughest assignment to date: looking after his girlfriend's three kids, who haven't exactly warmed to their mom's beau
“The School For Good And Evil”! 2022! 2h 27m! Best friends Sophie and Agatha find themselves on opposing sides of an epic battle when they're swept away into an enchanted school where aspiring heroes and villains are trained to protect the balance between good and evil.
“Minions”! 2015! 1h 31m! Evolving from single-celled yellow organisms at the dawn of time, Minions live to serve, but find themselves working for a continual series of unsuccessful masters, from T. Rex to Napoleon. 
“The Sleepover”! 2020! 1h 40m! Siblings Clancy and Kevin learn their seemingly normal mother is actually a former high-end thief in the witness protection program after she's kidnapped.
“Finding Ohana”! 2021! 2h 3m! A summer in rural Oahu takes an exciting turn for two Brooklyn-raised siblings when a journal pointing to long-lost treasure sets them on an epic adventure with new friends, and leads them to reconnect with their Hawaiian heritage.
“My Girl”! 1991! 1h 42m! Vada is obsessed with death. Her mother is dead, and her father runs a funeral parlor. When Vada's father hires Shelly, a makeup expert, and begins to fall in love, Vada is outraged and does everything in her power to split them up.
“The Lorax”! 2012! 1h 26m! Twelve-year-old Ted lives in a place virtually devoid of nature; no flowers or trees grow in the town of Thneedville
“The Boss Baby”! 2017! 1h 37m! A new baby's arrival impacts a family, told from the point of view of a delightfully unreliable narrator -- a wildly imaginative 7-year-old named Tim
“The Smurfs”! 2011! 1h 43m! Evil wizard Gargamel (Hank Azaria) has plagued the happy, peaceful Smurfs for a very long time. Finally, he succeeds in chasing the little blue people from their village and through a magic portal -- which transports them to Manhattan and into the life of ad executive Patrick Winslow
“Hotel Transylvania”! 2012! 1h 31m! When monsters want to get away from it all, they go to Count Dracula's  Hotel Transylvania, a lavish resort where they can be themselves without humans around to bother them.

Comedies
“Feel The Beat”! 2020! 1h 47m! After failing to find success on Broadway, April returns to her hometown and is recruited to train a misfit group of young dancers
“Mother’s Day”! 2016! 1h 58m! Sandy (Jennifer Aniston) is a stressed-out, single mom who learns that her ex-husband is marrying a younger woman. Her friend Jesse (Kate Hudson) is a fitness freak who doesn't tell her parents that she has a family.
“This Is 40”! 2012! 2h 14m! After many years of marriage, Pete (Paul Rudd) is the sole male in a household that includes his wife, Debbie (Leslie Mann), and two young daughters (Iris Apatow, Maude Apatow)
“Babylon”! 2022! 3h 9m! Decadence, depravity and outrageous excess lead to the rise and fall of several ambitious dreamers in 1920s Hollywood as the industry begins to transition from silent pictures to the world of sound films.
“Old Dads”! 2023! 1h 44m!When a middle-aged father and his two best friends sell their company to a millennial, they soon find themselves out of step and behind the times as they struggle to navigate a changing world of culture, career and fatherhood.
“The Nice Guys”! 2016! 1h 56m! Holland March (Ryan Gosling) is a down-on-his-luck private eye in 1977 Los Angeles. Jackson Healy (Russell Crowe) is a hired enforcer who hurts people for a living.
“Masterminds”! 2016! 1h 35m! When David Ghanatt is convinced by his work crush, Kelly Campbell and her accomplices to join in a far-fetched plan to rob a bank vault, David soon throws everything on the line for love, money, and a life of excitement.
“Bad Trip”! 2021! 1h 24m! Hidden cameras capture two best friends pulling hilarious and inventive pranks on an unsuspecting public during a wild road trip.
“The Sleepover”! 2020! 1h 40m! Siblings Clancy and Kevin learn their seemingly normal mother is actually a former high-end thief in the witness protection program after she's kidnapped.
“Good Luck Chuck”! 2007! 1h 36m!Cursed since childhood, dentist Charlie Kagan (Dane Cook) cannot find the right woman. Even worse, he learns that each of his ex-girlfriends finds true love with the man she meets after her relationship with him ends.

Documentaries
“Take Care Of Maya”! 2023! 1h 43 min! A nightmare unfolds for Jack and Beata Kowalski after they bring their 10-year-old daughter to the ER with unusual symptoms.
“Hack Your Health: The Secrets of Your Gut”! 2024! 1h 19m! An informative yet lighthearted documentary exploring the intricacies of the digestive system and its pivotal role in maintaining overall health and well-being.
“What Jennifer Did”! 2024! 1h 27m! When Jennifer Pan calls 911 to report that her parents have been shot, she becomes the primary focus of a captivating criminal case.
“The Deepest Breath”! 2023! 1h 46 min! A free diver trains to break a world record with the help of an expert safety diver. This film follows the paths they took to meet at the pinnacle of the free diving world, documenting the rewards and risks of chasing a dream through ocean depths.
“The Contestant”! 2023! 1h 30m! Aspiring comedian Tomoaki Hamatsu, nicknamed Nasubi, unwittingly becomes an extreme case study on a Japanese reality TV show.
“Secrets of the Neanderthals”! 2024! 1h 20m! A unique excavation unravels the complex and creative nature of Neanderthals, shattering preconceptions through the lens of a landmark discovery - the best-preserved Neanderthal skeleton found in over 25 years.
“Tickled”! 2016! 1h 32m! In a story stranger than fiction, journalist David Farrier uncovers a strange tickling subculture. Delving deeper into the dark world of a tickling competition, he meets with fierce resistance.
“Lover Stalker Killer”! 2024! 1h 30m! In this twisting documentary, a mechanic tries online dating for the first time and meets a woman who takes romantic obsession to a deadly extreme.
“Three Identical Strangers”! 2018! 1h 36m! New York, 1980: three complete strangers accidentally discover that they are identical triplets, separated at birth. The 19-year-olds' joyous reunion catapults them to international fame, but it also unlocks an extraordinary and disturbing secret that goes beyond their own lives - and could transform our understanding of human nature forever.
“Icarus”! 2017! 2 hours ! When filmmaker Bryan Fogel sets out to uncover the truth about doping in sports, a chance meeting with a Russian scientist transforms his story from a personal experiment into a geopolitical thriller. Dirty urine, unexplained death and Olympic gold are all part of the exposure of the biggest scandal in sports history.

Horror
“Run”! 2020! 1h 30m! Chloe was raised by her mother Diane in total isolation. Her mother has totally controlled her since she was born, but now as a teenager Chloe is starting to explore her mother's secrets.
“Talk To Me”! 2020! 1h 35m! When a group of friends discover how to conjure spirits with an embalmed hand, they become hooked on the new thrill and high-stakes party game -- until one of them goes too far and unleashes terrifying supernatural forces.
“The Silence”! 2019! 1h 30m! When the world is under attack from creatures who hunt their human prey by sound, a teenager who lost her hearing at 13, and her family, seek safety in a remote refuge. However, they discover a cult who are eager to exploit her heightened senses.
“Knock Knock”! 2015! 1h 36m! Two nubile, stranded women (Ana de Armas, Lorenza Izzo) reveal a sinister agenda after they spend the night with a married architect (Keanu Reeves).
“The Invitation”! 2022! 1h 44m! After the death of her mother and having no other known relatives, Evie takes a DNA test and discovers a long-lost cousin she never knew she had. 
“Circle”! 2015! 1h 27m! Fifty strangers facing execution have to pick one person among them to live.
“No One Gets Out Alive”! 2021! 1h 27m! Desperate and without documentation, a woman from Mexico moves into a rundown Cleveland boarding house. Then the unsettling cries and eerie visions begin.
“Eli”! 2019! 1h 38m! A boy becomes trapped in a haunted house while undergoing a mysterious doctor's miraculous treatment for a rare disease.
“Oxygen”! 2021! 1h 41m! A woman wakes up in a cryogenic chamber with no recollection of how she got there, and she must find a way out before running out of air.
“The Platform”! 2019! 1h 34m! In a prison where inmates are fed on a descending platform, those on the upper levels take more than their fair share while those below are left to starve on scraps, and one man decides to change the system.

Musicals
“La La Land”! 2016! 2h 8m! Aspiring actress serves lattes to movie stars in between auditions and jazz musician Sebastian scrapes by playing cocktail-party gigs in dingy bars. But as success mounts, they are faced with decisions that fray the fragile fabric of their love affair, and the dreams they worked so hard to maintain in each other threaten to rip them apart.
“Bohemian Rhapsody”! 2018! 2h 14m! Bohemian Rhapsody is a foot-stomping celebration of Queen, their music and their extraordinary lead singer Freddie Mercury. Freddie defied stereotypes and shattered convention to become one of the most beloved entertainers on the planet. The film traces the meteoric rise of the band through their iconic songs and revolutionary sound. 
“School of Rock”! 2003! 1h 49m! After being fired from his own rock band, a struggling musician poses as a substitute teacher at a private elementary school. After getting to know his class, he does everything to form a band with them for a competition called "Battle of the Bands". 
“A Star Is Born”! 2018! 2h 16m! Seasoned musician Jackson Maine (Bradley Cooper) discovers-and falls in love with-struggling artist Ally (Gaga). She has just about given up on her dream to make it big as a singer - until Jack coaxes her into the spotlight. But even as Ally's career takes off, the personal side of their relationship is breaking down, as Jack fights an ongoing battle with his own internal demons.
“Footloose”! 1984! 1h 47m! Big-city teenager Ren relocates from Chicago to the small rural town of Bomont, where its inhabitants have imposed an unjust ban on Rock 'n' Roll and dancing. Feeling trapped and confused, Ren tries to fit in; however, he will soon find himself neck-deep in trouble when beautiful Ariel Moore, the preacher's daughter, catches his eye. 
“The Greatest Showman”! 2017! 1h 45m! Orphaned, penniless, but ambitious and with a mind crammed with imagination and fresh ideas, the American entertainer, Phineas Taylor Barnum, will always be remembered as the man with the gift to blur the line between reality and fiction. 
“The Phantom of the Opera”! 2017! 2h 23m! Begins when an opera ghost terrorizes the cast and crew of the French Opera House while tutoring a chorus girl. He finally drives the lead soprano crazy so she and her friend leave. The girl is able to sing lead one night but the soprano doesn't want her show stolen so she comes back.
“In the Heights”! 2021! 2h 23m! In the Heights centers on a variety of characters living in the neighborhood of Washington Heights, on the northern tip of Manhattan. At the center of the show is Usnavi, a bodega owner who looks after the aging Cuban lady next door, pines for the gorgeous girl working in the neighboring beauty salon and dreams of winning the lottery and escaping to the shores of his native Dominican Republic.  
“Bob Marley: One Love”! 2024! 1h 47m! The story of how reggae icon Bob Marley overcame adversity, and the journey behind his revolutionary music.
“Elvis”! 2022! 2h 39m! Elvis follows the story of infamous rock 'n' roll star Elvis Presley seen through the eyes of his controversial manager Colonel Tom Parker. The film explores Elvis Presley's highs and lows and the many challenges and controversies he received throughout his career.

Romantic
“365 Days”! 2020! 1h 56m! Massimo is a member of the Sicilian Mafia family and Laura is a sales director. She does not expect that on a trip to Sicily trying to save her relationship, Massimo will kidnap her and give her 365 days to fall in love with him.
“Set It Up”! 2018! 1h 45m! Two overworked and underpaid assistants come up with a plan to get their bosses off their backs by setting them up with each other.
“Redeeming Love”! 2022! 2h 14m! A young couple's relationship clashes with the harsh realities of the California Gold Rush of 1850. Angel, experiencing love for the first time and facing demons that seem unsurmountable, runs from the new life she doesn't think she deserves. When Michael sets out to find her, Angel discovers that she has the power to choose the life she wants.
“The Vow”! 2012! 1h 44m! Paige (Rachel McAdams) and Leo (Channing Tatum) are happily married newlyweds, but their idyllic life together suddenly shatters when a car accident leaves her in a coma. 
“Safe Haven”! 2012! 1h 55m! Katie Feldman (Julianne Hough) moves to a small town on the North Carolina coast, determined to make a new life for herself.
“She’s Out of My League”! 2010! 1h 44m! Kirk (Jay Baruchel), an average guy stuck in a dead-end job, can't believe his luck when a gorgeous, successful woman named Molly (Alice Eve) falls in love with him.
“The Notebook”! 2004! 2h 1m! In 1940s South Carolina, mill worker Noah Calhoun (Ryan Gosling) and rich girl Allie (Rachel McAdams) are desperately in love. But her parents don't approve. When Noah goes off to serve in World War II, it seems to mark the end of their love affair.
“The Hating Game”! 2021! 1h 42m! Resolving to achieve professional success without compromising her ethics, Lucy embarks on a ruthless game of one-upmanship against cold and efficient nemesis Joshua, a rivalry that is complicated by her growing attraction to him.
“Me Before You”! 2016! 1h 50m! Young and quirky Louisa "Lou" Clark (Emilia Clarke) moves from one job to the next to help her family make ends meet. Her cheerful attitude is put to the test when she becomes a caregiver for Will Traynor (Sam Claflin), a wealthy young banker left paralyzed from an accident two years earlier.
“The Choice”! 2016! 1h 51m! Travis Shaw (Benjamin Walker) is a ladies' man who thinks a serious relationship would cramp his easygoing lifestyle. Gabby Holland (Teresa Palmer) is a feisty medical student who's preparing to settle down with her long-term boyfriend (Tom Welling). 

Fantasy
“Twilight”! 2008! 2h 2m! High-school student Bella Swan (Kristen Stewart), always a bit of a misfit, doesn't expect life to change much when she moves from sunny Arizona to rainy Washington state. Then she meets Edward Cullen (Robert Pattinson), a handsome but mysterious teen whose eyes seem to peer directly into her soul.
“Ella Enchanted”! 2004! 1h 41m! As a baby, Ella (Anne Hathaway) receives a visit from Lucinda (Vivica A. Fox), her fairy godmother, and is bestowed with a magical talent that requires her to obey anything that she is told to do.
“The Age of Adeline”! 2015! 1h 52m! Adaline Bowman (Blake Lively) has miraculously remained a youthful 29 years of age for nearly eight decades, never allowing herself to get close to anyone lest they discover her secret. 
“Ghostbusters”! 2021! 2h 4m! When a single mother and her two children move to a new town, they soon discover they have a connection to the original Ghostbusters and the secret legacy their grandfather left behind.
“Harry Potter”! 2001! 2h 32m! Adaptation of the first of J.K. Rowling's popular children's novels about Harry Potter, a boy who learns on his eleventh birthday that he is the orphaned son of two powerful wizards and possesses unique magical powers of his own.
“Paradise”! 2023! 1h 57m! In the future, a method of transferring years of one's life to another changes the world and turns AEON into a billion-dollar company. To pay off debts, Elena must "pay" 40 years of her life, robbing her and her husband of their future together.
“Freaks”! 2018! 1h 45m! Kept locked inside the house by her father, 7-year-old Chloe lives in fear and fascination of the outside world. It's a place where Abnormals are a constant threat -- or so she believes. But when a mysterious stranger offers her a glimpse of what's really happening, Chloe soon learns that the truth isn't so simple -- but the danger is very real.
“Extinction”! 2018! 1h 35m! A man's home life starts to suffer when he has recurring nightmares about a destructive and unknown force. He must soon find the strength to save his wife and two daughters when extraterrestrials launch a devastating attack on the planet.
“The Titan”! 2018! 1h 37m! In the near future, Earth's resources are exhausted and humanity's only hope of salvation lies in travelling to a distant planet. A military family is relocated so they can participate in an experiment into man's genetic evolution in space, which will be vital to ensure that the human race survives the journey.
“Spiderman: No Way Home”! 2021! 2h 28m! With Spider-Man's identity now revealed, our friendly neighborhood web-slinger is unmasked and no longer able to separate his normal life as Peter Parker from the high stakes of being a superhero. When Peter asks for help from Doctor Strange, the stakes become even more dangerous, forcing him to discover what it truly means to be Spider-Man.

Sports
“Invictus”! 2009! 2h 14m! This movie tells the inspiring true story of how Nelson Mandela (Morgan Freeman) joined forces with the Captain of South Africa's rugby team, Francois Pienaar (Matt Damon) to help unite their country. Newly-elected President Mandela knows his nation remains racially and economically divided in the wake of Apartheid. 
“Bleed for This”! 2016! 1h 57m! In November 1988, Vinny Pazienza boxes Roger Mayweather for the WBC World Light Welterweight Title. He arrives late to the weigh-in, as he has been riding a stationary bicycle in order to make the weight limit. Vinny's final weight is 140 pounds even, which qualifies him for the fight. Instead of resting up for the fight, Vinny spends the night at a casino. 
“The Iron Claw”! 2023! 2h 12m! The true story of the inseparable Von Erich brothers, who made history in the intensely competitive world of professional wrestling in the early 1980s. Through tragedy and triumph, under the shadow of their domineering father and coach, the brothers seek larger-than-life immortality on the biggest stage in sports.
“Southpaw”! 2015! 2h 4m! Billy Hope (played by Jake Gyllenhaal) is the undisputed light-heavyweight boxing champion of the world. He is unbeaten over a career of 43 fights. He is happily married to beautiful Maureen (Rachel McAdams) and has a young daughter, Leila (Oona Laurence). 
“Slapshot”! 1977! 2h 3m! In the small New England town of Charlestown, the local mill is about to lay off 10,000 workers. The town's minor league hockey team, the Charlestown Chiefs, is doing no better. After years of failure, this will be the team's last season. Exasperated player and coach Reggie Dunlop (Paul Newman) lets the club's recent acquisitions, the Hanson Brothers, play. The brothers' actively violent and thuggish style of play excites the fans. Dunlop retools the team, using violence to draw big crowds.
“Gran Turismo”! 2023! 2h 14m! Jann is an avid gamer from Cardiff who spends his days playing Gran Turismo, refusing to succeed in the real world. Meanwhile, in Tokyo, Danny, a marketing manager for the Nissan automobile corporation, is running an advertising campaign and, together with the management of Gran Turismo, hatches a plan to launch a competition inviting gamers to try their luck in real racing cars.  
“Goon”! 2011! 1h 31m! Amongst a family of intelligent, motivated members, a son, who's considered to not be mentally gifted, works as a bouncer, and overcomes long odds to lead a team of under performing misfits to semi-pro hockey glory, beating the out of everything that stands in his way.
“Driven”! 2001! 1h 56m! Talented rookie race-car driver Jimmy Bly has started losing his focus and begins to slip in the race rankings. It's no wonder, with the immense pressure being shoveled on him by his overly ambitious promoter brother as well as Bly's romance with his arch rival's girlfriend Sophia. 
“Need for Speed”! 2014! 2h 10m! Framed by an ex-partner for a murder he did not commit, Tobey Marshall, a financially struggling custom-car builder and street-racer, spends two years in jail thinking about one moment. Fresh out of prison he reacquires the fastest car his workshop ever built and sold, and seeks to enter a secretive and extremely high-stakes race known as The DeLeon. 
“Creed”! 2015! 2h 13m! Adonis Johnson is the son of the famous boxing champion Apollo Creed, who died in a boxing match in Rocky IV (1985). Adonis wasn't born until after his father's death and wants to follow his fathers footsteps in boxing. He seeks a mentor who is the former heavyweight boxing champion and former friend of Apollo Creed, the retired Rocky Balboa. Rocky eventually agrees to mentor Adonis. With Rocky's help they hope to get a title job to face even deadlier opponents than his father. But whether he is a true fighter remains to be seen....
