Anime 
“Hunter x Hunter”! 2011! 1 season! Gon Freecss is a young boy living on Whale Island. He learns from "Hunter" Kite, that his father, who he was told was dead, is still alive somewhere as a top "Hunter," risking his life to seek unknown items, such as hidden treasures, curiosa, exotic living creatures, etc. Gon decides to become a professional Hunter and leaves the island.  
“Jujutsu Kaisen”! 2020! 2 seasons! Yuji Itadori, a kind-hearted teenager, joins his school's Occult Club for fun, but discovers that its members are actual sorcerers who can manipulate the energy between beings for their own use. He hears about a cursed talisman - the finger of Sukuna, a demon - and its being targeted by other cursed beings. Yuji eats the finger to protect his friends, and ends up becoming Sukuna's host.  
“Attack on Titan”! 2013! 4 seasons! Humans are nearly exterminated by giant creatures called Titans. Titans are typically several stories tall, seem to have no intelligence, devour human beings and, worst of all, seem to do it for the pleasure rather than as a food source. A small percentage of humanity survived by walling themselves in a land protected by extremely high walls, even taller than the biggest of titans.  
“One Piece”! 1999! 1 season! There once lived a pirate named Gol D. Roger. He obtained wealth, fame, and power to earn the title of Pirate King. When he was captured and about to be executed, he revealed that his treasure called One Piece was hidden somewhere at the Grand Line. This made all people set out to search and uncover the One Piece treasure, but no one ever found the location of Gol D. Roger's treasure, and the Grand Line was too dangerous a place to overcome. Twenty-two years after Gol D. Roger's death, a boy named Monkey D. Luffy decided to become a pirate and search for Gol D. Roger's treasure to become the next Pirate King.
“Bleach”! 2004! 17 seasons! High school student Kurosaki Ichigo is unlike any ordinary kid. Why? Because he can see ghosts. Ever since a young age, he's been able to see spirits from the afterlife. Ichigo's life completely changes one day when he and his two sisters are attacked by an evil, hungry and tormented spirit known as a Hollow.  
“Demon Slayer”! 2019! 4 seasons! A family is attacked by demons and only two members survive - Tanjiro and his sister Nezuko, who is turning into a demon slowly. Tanjiro sets out to become a demon slayer to avenge his family and cure his sister.
“Death Note”! 2006! 1 season! After an intelligent yet cynical high school student begins to cleanse the world from evil with the help of a magical notebook that can kill anyone whose name is written on it, international authorities call upon a mysterious detective known as "L" to thwart his efforts.
“Vinland Saga”! 2019! 2 seasons! A young man named Thorfinn finds himself in a quest for revenge against the man responsible for a traumatic tragedy in his early life. Firstly indulged in the aparent greatness of war and honor, Thorfinn quickly changes as he endures having to survive alone and then alongside the man he vows to kill, developing conflicting emotions towards the causality of his past and present life.
“Fire Force”! 2019! 2 seasons! The world we know is no more. A mysterious phenomenon stripped the humanity of the right to have a quiet life, with hopes and dreams. This plague is known as Spontaneous Human Combustion and turns people randomly into mindless creatures known as Infernals, which is the fate worse than death and causes one sufferings unimaginable. However, there are people that can control this cursed power and become pyrokinetics, who can manipulate the power of flame. To solve the mystery and cure the humanity, the Fire Defense Agency, Tokyo Army and The Holy Sol Temple form The Special Fire Force, also nicknamed Blue Stripes. Will the Special Fire Force solve the mystery and save the humanity from its new curse?
“Kuroko’s Basketball”! 2012! 3 seasons! The Teiko Middle School Basketball Team. The school that produced three perfect seasons in a row, with five once-in-a generation players, called "The Generation of Miracles." There was another player who all of them respected... A legendary 6th player. An up-and-coming power player, Taiga Kagami, is just back from America. When he comes to Seirin High School, he meets the super-ordinary boy, Tetsuya Kuroko. Kagami is shocked to find that Kuroko isn't good at basketball, in fact, he's bad! And he's so plain that he's impossible to see.  

TV Shows 
“Bridgerton”! 2022! 2 seasons! Set against the backdrop of the Regency era, the eight close-knit siblings of the noble and powerful Bridgerton family – Anthony, Benedict, Colin, Daphne, Eloise, Francesca, Gregory, and Hyacinth – navigate London high society in search of love, surrounded by friends and rivals alike.
“Victorious”!2010! 4 seasons! Life is about to change in a big way for 16-year-old Tori Vega. After years of living in her older sister's shadow, Tori has been invited to attend Hollywood Arts, a high school with a focus on the performing arts.
“H2O Just Add Water”! 2006! 3 seasons!Teenagers always feel different, but these three Australian girls really are different; they're mermaids. Trying to keep their special powers a secret is hard for Emma, Rikki and Cleo. When they're not in school they're using their magical powers to save sea turtles and rescue those in need.
“Gilmore Girls”! 2000! 7 seasons! Set in a storybook Connecticut town populated by an eclectic mix of dreamers, artists and everyday folk, this multigenerational drama about family and friendship centres around Lorelai Gilmore and her daughter, Rory.
“The Society”! 2019! 1 season! Busloads of Connecticut high school students head off for an extended camping trip, but a storm forces them to return home.Upon their return, the teens realize that all of the town's adults are gone in this modern take on "Lord of the Flies." 
“Outer Banks”! 2020! 3 seasons! A teenager enlists his three best friends to hunt for a legendary treasure linked to his father's disappearance.
“You”! 2018! 4 seasons! What would you do for love? For Joe, an intense young man who frequently becomes smitten with beautiful, smart women, this question is put to the test. A charming yet awkward crush becomes something more sinister when love turns into obsession for Joe.
“The 100”! 2014! 7 seasons! When nuclear Armageddon destroys civilization on Earth, the only survivors are those on the 12 international space stations in orbit at the time. 
“The Vampire Diaries”! 2009! 8 seasons! The Vampire Diaries is an American supernatural teen drama television series developed by Kevin Williamson and Julie Plec, based on the book series of the same name written by L. J. Smith
“Superstore”! 2015! 6 seasons! An oddball family of employees at supersized megastore Cloud 9 tackles the day-to-day grind of rabid bargain hunters, riot-causing sales and nap-worthy training sessions. 
“Fallout”! 2024! 1 season! Over 200 years after a nuclear apocalypse devastates America, a violent raid by bandits on an underground fallout shelter forces one of its residents to set out into a barren wasteland filled with radiation, mutated monsters, and a lawless society of those who remained on the surface.